Update README.md (#330)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: examples/aws-sagemaker/README.md

limitations under the License.
-->

# Deploying DeepSparse with Amazon SageMaker

[Amazon SageMaker](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/index.html)

> offers easy-to-use infrastructure for deploying deep learning models at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
offers an easy-to-use infrastructure for deploying deep learning models at scale.
```

This directory provides a guided example for deploying a 
[DeepSparse](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) inference server on SageMaker.

> Using both of these tools, deployments benefit from sparse-CPU acceleration from
> DeepSparse and automatic scaling from SageMaker.

Reviewer: I suggest converting this from passive to active

```suggestion
Deployments benefit from both sparse-CPU acceleration with
DeepSparse and automatic scaling from SageMaker.
```

> `invocations/` endpoint.

Reviewer: This comment actually refers to line 34:
Change Double space in front of Sagemaker to a Single Space;

i.e from `on port 8080.  SageMaker will execute this image by running`
To: `on port 8080. SageMaker will execute this image by running`

Author: done!

For general customization of the server, changes should not need to be made
to the dockerfile, but to the `config.yaml` file that the Dockerfile reads from
instead.

### config.yaml
`config.yaml` is used to configure the DeepSparse server running in the Dockerfile.

> It is important that the config contains the line `integration: sagemaker` so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config must contain the line `integration: sagemaker` so
```

## Next Steps

> These steps create an invokable SageMaker inference endpoint powered with the DeepSparse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps create an invokable SageMaker inference endpoint powered by the DeepSparse
```
